# Driven ENZ
Simulating epsilon near zero materials using exact diagonalization provided by
the QuSpin package, and evolution methods provided by SciPy. This code was used
to generate the data present in the pre-print "Dynamical Generation of
Epsilon-Near-Zero Behaviour via Tracking and Feedback Control" also submitted
to Optica.

In order to run the code the following packages are required:
- NumPy
- SciPy
- QuSpin
- matplotlib

## Tracking Control
In order to run single simulations of ENZ generated by tracking control, run the
file `tracking_enz.py`. Parameters can be specified through the command line or in
the file itself. If you would like to run many simulations with different parameters
then use the script `tracking_enz_run` (note that the interpreter specified at
the top of the file is specific to me, please change it locally).

## Feedback Control
In order to run single simulations of ENZ generated by tracking control, run the
file `feedback_enz.py`. Parameters can be specified through the command line or in
the file itself. If you would like to run many simulations with different parameters
then use the script `feedback_enz_run` (note that the interpreter specified at
the top of the file is specific to me, please change it locally).

## Graphs
The code to generate the plot comparing current to energy, use the file `analysis.py`.
All other plots can be generated using `plotting.py`.

## Additional Files
`evolve.py` contains functions used by numerical IVP solvers and the functions
for calculating expectation values. `tools.py` contains a class we use for scaling
parameters, and the function that gives the transform limited pulse.

If you have any questions, contact me at jacobmasur1@gmail.com
